My classmates and teachers
always respected me,
but this year things were different.
My class was organizing a Christmas party.
I was asked to help, but I refused.
My classmates and even my teacher
made fun of me.
I went to see the principal
because I thought
he would understand me,
but unfortunately he didn’t.
I felt I had been treated unfairly.
After the conversation
I went home and I immediately
started to pray.
I felt that the most
important thing I could do
was to uphold Jehovah’s reputation.
For personal study,
I considered the Young People Ask book,
chapter 20,
“How Can I Get Along With My Teacher?”
It contained Matthew 7:12,
which says that you should treat others
the way you want to be treated,
and that was just what I needed.
It showed how important
it was to respect people,
even if they’re not nice to you.
So I decided to explain
my position to the class.
I raised my hand and asked
whether I could explain my position;
my teacher surprisingly agreed!
One classmate raised his hand,
and after I had answered his question,
another one, and so on.
Others entered the classroom.
Students, teachers,
and even the principal came in and sat down.
Afterward, the principal had me
come to his office.
I was really scared;
I thought I was in trouble!
And finally, he stood up,
shook my hand, and apologized.
I was walking home with this big smile
when I met a classmate
who had so many questions.
I answered them, and before I knew it,
I was able start a Bible study
with him at school.
Through prayer and personal study,
I developed the courage
to uphold Jehovah’s name.